Tim, thanks for reading
all the Appendix
“1914—A Significant Year in Bible Prophecy.”
You understood it, right?
Well, it’s not completely clear.
OK, well, let’s go through it again.
If you remember,
Luke 21:24,
said that Jersusalem
would “be trampled on by the nations
until the appointed times
of the nations are fulfilled.”
Now, we know that began in 607 B.C.E.,
and at Daniel 4:16,
it said that seven times
would have to pass over it,
and at Revelation 12: 6, 14,
it indicates
that three and a half times
equals 1,260 days;
so seven times
would be 2,520 days,
but of course,
we got the Bible principle
at Numbers 14:34,
“a day for a year,
a day for a year.”
So that 2,520 days would be
2,520 years.
So counting 2,520 years
from 607 B.C.E.
brings us to 1914
when Jesus began to rule
as king in the heavens.
You got it now.
Um, it’s still not clear.
That’s OK,
I didn’t understand it
the first time I went through it.
Just read the Appendix
a few more times,
and it will make sense.
Come on,
let’s finish our study of chapter 8.
So based on what we’ve been learning
in chapter 8,
can you think of a good reason
why it’s so important
that we know
when God’s Kingdom began to rule?
Well, I think that if you knew
when God’s Kingdom began to rule,
then you would know
that the blessings of the Kingdom
are soon to follow.
That’s an excellent answer.
Of course, the Appendix here
contains the scriptural proof
of when God’s Kingdom
began to rule in 1914.
Would you like to read
just the first two paragraphs
in the Appendix there,
under the heading on page 215,
“1914-A Significant Year in Bible Prophecy.”
Sure.
“Decades in advance, Bible students . . .”
Thank you.
So notice there that Jesus
said that the city of Jerusalem
would be “trampled on by the nations
until the appointed times
of the nations are fulfilled.”
Now for us
to understand Jesus’ words,
we have to know,
Why was Jerusalem special?
What did Jersusalem symbolize?
So, what did we learn about Jerusalem
there in paragraph 2?
Um, well, Jerusalem was
where the Jewish kings ruled, right?
So they would have ruled for Jehovah,
which meant that Jerusalem
was a symbol of Jehovah’s rulership.
Very good.
Now you have the key
to understanding
when Jesus began to rule as king.
Wow, this is really interesting.
It’s like solving a mystery.
Isn’t it?
Let’s read the next paragraph.